= DESCRIPTION: 

Solr Chef Cookbook; allowing you to install 1.4 or 1.3 easily in /data on a (solo|util) instance.  There is no automation with rsolr or sunspot or other various plugins.  Once you install it, you must manually configure it.

= NOTICE: 
This Cookbook is for an "Unsupported" Stack item; Engine Yard does not support more than the installation of Solr.  

= USAGE:

require_recipe "solr" in main/recipes/default.rb

To stop the solr server use the following on the SSH console: /engineyard/bin/solr stop

To start the solr server use the following on the SSH console: /engineyard/bin/solr start

= RAMBLINGS:

This sets up Solr in /data/solr in the desired instance (solo|util), and then sets up /engineyard/bin/solr and a monitrc file for this solr instance.  

The solr servers runs on port 8983. This is the default port defined in /config/sunspot.yml.

To access the Solr logs: /var/log/engineyard/solr

This recipe does not support multiple instances of Solr, or configuration of the Schema File or anything special like that.  It just starts it, and controls it in monit.

For Sunspot Users:
The default schema.xml that comes with this version of solr will probably not work with sunspot's configuration. Specifically, there are datatypes used by sunspot that do no exist in solr's default schema.xml and other types that are defined differently. You also cannot simply copy the sunpot-provided schema.xml file from your application/solr/conf/schema.xml into /data/solr/solr/conf/schema.xml on the Engine Yard server  because this will introduce other errors.  You need to make sure that all unique data types that are used by sunspot, as defined in you application in /solr/conf/schema are included in the /data/solr/solr/conf/schema.xml. 

= CREDITS:

Scott M. Likens (damm)

Brian Bommarito http://github.com/bommaritobrianmatthew (For his Sunspot recipe which without... I might not have given a darn otherwise)

Read Me Credit: Naftali Marcus
