= DESCRIPTION:

This cookbook installs and configures a replication_check script on your master database instance.  

= PRE-REQUISITES:

Exim or SSMTP must be configured on your instances in order for this monitoring script to send e-mail from your AppCloud database instances.  The ey-cloud-recipes repo contains recipes for configuring both of these.

Gems for json and yaml must be included.

= USAGE:

Step 1) In the ./recipes/default.rb add your sender and recipient email addresses for alerts in the 'check_vars' section.  Adjustments to the monitoring and alerting thresholds can also be made here.
check_vars = {
  # the number of seconds delay at which a warning alert is issued; default 30 minutes (1800 seconds)
  :warn_level => 1800,
  # the number of seconds delay at which a critical alert is issued; default 2 hours (7200 seconds)
  :crit_level => 7200,
  # valid email address to receive alerts
  :mail_recipient => '42@douglasadams.com',
  # valid email address for sending email alerts
  :mail_sender => '42@douglasadams.com'
}

Step 2) Commit and upload: `ey recipes upload -e <ENV>` and then apply: `ey recipes apply -e <ENV>`

= NOTES:

Engine Yard Support is not notified of these replication alerts currently.  If you require additional assistance with a replication failure please file a ticket with our support team.  

The default configuration sends one successful check message per day but this can be modified by adjusting the cron schedule that removes the send_message.txt file.

The default check interval for replication is 1 hour.  This can be modified by adjusting the cron schedule for the replication_check.rb script.

After a failure message has been sent the next successful check will send a success message regardless of whether one has already been sent for the current date.